Add extra RPC endpoints for operator (#1590)
AleoHQ/snarkOS: src/rpc/documentation/public_endpoints/getshares.md

# Get Shares

> Returns the amount of shares submitted to an operator in total.

Reviewer: nit
```suggestion
Returns the total number of shares submitted to an operator.
```

### Arguments

None

### Response

| Parameter |  Type  |                       Description                       |
|:---------:|:------:|:-------------------------------------------------------:|

> | `result`  |  u64   | The amount of shares submitted to the operator in total |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `result`  |  u64   |  The total number of shares submitted to the operator   |
```
